This is exactly what is our offering, right?
See if you see this A is ecosystem based in a implementation.
So whether we use our products, which is Gen Wizard or Gen Light
A is must
you have to have a which is your ecosystem, you know,
tools and partnerships without that B and C will not work, right?
So this is very, very important
when you're talking about ecosystem tools, there are multiple different
types of ecosystem tools and partnership.
So the first thing is foundation models, right?
You absolutely need a foundation model, right?
Because whether it is A is A is a GP T we use Azure
opening. So most of our pilots, all of our pilots in TDLC.
So far we have actually done it through,
we have used GP T 3.5 and four through the
Azure Open Air Services, right?
But there are so many others like Lama
Cohere, like for oracle, I think they have tied it with Cohere.
So there are a number of foundation models, I mean, going forward,
this will be very much democratized, right?
So, so since the
Azure
Open,
I most of my clients also use it
a lot of clients are also started moving to Google,
most of these models will give you more or less similar kind of output, right?
So, so obviously, as your opinion, you see the uh outcomes are quite, quite,
quite good, quite, you know, I mean, significantly um uh better.
But I think with the time most there will be not very few differences between the
models that you choose going forward.
So this obviously you need that because this is your uh you know,
the pre trained transformation, you know transformative model,
which basically we you know trained with a lot
of huge amount of information across your open internet,
which will help you give a lot of information.
So these are based foundation models, you absolutely need.
The second one is the j
specific tools
like you know, someone who was talking about
github Copilot from Microsoft, right? Aws
uh is you know Aws Cosper
and then you have those tab nine so many Juul is coming again in Sap, right?
So
that is also very important, right? So for example, we have not
create something which can generate code because there
is no point in doing that because the
github
copilot of the world will actually generate
code for different technologies much better.
So we need to, we have used that to integrate to our,
you know, to our platform,
you you need to use that
and then the other partners of choice like your
basic tools which you already know like your service.
Now,
uh the monitoring tools that the client have the Jira of the worlds plan, all of that.
So this is absolutely unique.
And then what we do
you integrate these tools and the ecosystem tools
in a very microservice way to our platform because
to build something which a will not give you, right?
So a will give you only very specific use cases.
But our differentiation is always end to end whether you talk
about the application maintenance, infrastructure maintenance,
you know your green field, brown field,
it should impact gen A should impact every aspect of your life cycle of TDLC.
So to do that, you need more than just A
and that's where our gen wizard comes in option B, right? So,
so the Gen wizard is again our
core platform, right?
It's again for all of you gen wizard is not just my wizard
with Genia is equal to Gen wizard. It's not that though the name sounds similar,
you know, similar my wizard to gen wizard,
the gen wizard is basically built on
all of our below. The gen wizard is all of our intelligent
uh you know, automation and predictive A I assets across all of our platforms,
not just my wizard, right?
My wizard may
have my concerto all of that.
So we had huge investments, we had a lot of differentiators,
we of course we wanted to use, you know, we have leveraged that
And then on top of that, we have actually plugged in gen
I right? When you plugged in Je I, it basically means there are use cases,
the earlier predictive
use cases, their efficacy is now increased significantly with J
I
that is one set of use cases.
The other set of use cases are completely new use
cases like your reverse engineering code and you know,
building that enterprise knowledge base with much more new new things,
which was not possible earlier.
So, so those are what I'm talking about.
So all of these put together is basically your gen wizard.
So the gen wizard is a combination of A plus B.
Now the third option is the Gen Light. You have also heard about our two offerings.
One is Gen Wizard and Gen Light.
The Jin Light is basically an open source inspired option. So what do you mean by that
Gen Wizard is a platform implementation?
Gen Li
is basically working co working with the client
to build custom solutions for that particular client.
So what happens in? So JL currently is available on
um you know, application development only not for application maintenance.
So here basically for example,
and the option to choose between B and C is very simple
is the client
OK. With accenture IP,
if the answer is yes,
then you choose
P
B means A plus B that you choose that client ecosystem,
our client ecosystem partnerships,
the clients invested ecosystem partnerships plus the gen wiser.
If the client is absolutely not OK.
With a vendor IP, then you choose A is common and then you choose the Gen light option.
So the gen light option, why you are calling it a private open source.
It is a building in progress. So our philosophy is that
once you build like a custom applications, let's say for 10 clients, correct?
I can then understand a lot of patterns, right?
So I can harvest those patterns, those uh you know those prompts,
those code snippet everything in a private open source model.
I think someone just asked me that question, right?
So I don't want to uh go to the open A I see, for example, github,
github
copilot, you can generate code,
you can generate code in two ways. If you use, you
have co
plot as an enterprise option where you have fed only the enterprise,
your own enterprise code
and you can actually save, you
have co
plot not to generate code from the open internet.
There is an option there.
So similarly,
if we don't want to generate code from the
open uh you know internet and have more control,
which what we have built, this is the option of the Gen light.
So where basically the idea is that we'll create an accenture private open source
and we will learn from,
right. So, so when you are building the custom um implementations for a client
that will really help you to kind of understand from your uh you know,
created pattern harvested patterns of uh prompts and libraries and all of that.
So that's the difference between B plus C
I will also come for the other differences.
But that is very important for all of you to know.
And the second is when you're talking about gen wizard, of course,
you know, there are multiple commercial models again
for our manage services contract. As you know,
we will use the
wizard to commit the significantly higher productivity commitment that we do,
correct.
But if the client wants to use it beyond
our accenture scope of work for an enterprise applications,
which quite a few clients are now discussing,
obviously, there will be a concept of
license fee and all of that, right? So, so enterprise license and all of that
in this in this third option, Gen light,
there is no
IP in the sense that I think this is still evolving
because you are building custom code for the client.
So obviously, the IP remains with client, right?
So you are you are you are building this in the client environment,
uh you know, using clients,
security architecture and and and and the whatever the tools of
choice that the client have and you're co building it.
So obviously, you know,
this will take more time to build than
gen wizard because this is a complete platform,
as I said, you right,
this is a reference and the IP remains with the client here in option C in gen light.
But the thing is that in even in gen light option, we are not giving the code access.
For example, we are building the code for the client,
we will not give
code access. So what happens is that clients will be able to use it?
They don't have to pay any IP to us, but going forward if they want to make any changes,
upgrades, etcetera, you know,
enhancements to the existing to the application
which we have built through gen light,
they will again have to come to us and then you know, how do we kind of charge them?
We are still kind of discussing. So that's basically a
difference between gen wizard and gen X.